# Moon-Mod
This Mod adds a whole new dimension to explore; THE MOON!!!        How to get there?  You can get to the moon by making a portal the same way you would make a nether portal but instead of obsidian, you need to use End Stone.  To light the portal, go to a crafting table and put the flint &amp; steel in the middle and you get the lighter.           Once you're on the moon, you might see a type of stone called Moon Steel. If you get 9 of these you can craft them into an iron shard, once you get 9 iron shards you can get an iron nugget.     Also, this mod adds a new material called Moon Shards moon shards can be made into armor, tools, and blocks.     This mod also adds 4 biomes all can be found In the moon one of them has a block called the creatorstone if you mine it you get moon cheese!  Another biome adds the Firestone block. You can craft it into a redstone and it is about as hard as stone.        Mobs:  Moon Zombie - drops 1 moon shard and maybe their armor or sword.        Aliens - they won’t attack you unless you hit them        FireCreature - these mobs are aggressive so watch out if you kill one. Drops moon shard. They are equipped with a stone sword, diamond chest plate, leather leggings, and the MOON BOOTS!        WaterCreature (sorry I was out of names so I just made it that lol) - these mobs are aggressive as well they throw tridents they are pretty small and drop tridents.        Lastly, this mod also adds a new music disk called the moon disk. I think it's pretty good but I guess you'll have to hear it for yourself!
